c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\OODProject2.exe.config
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.AddPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.ConfirmPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.Dashboard.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.DetailedViewPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.EMSForm.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddOpGoalPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddOrganizationalUnitPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddPlanPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddResourcePanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddResponsibilityPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAAddSchedulePanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IAMenuPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.IIMenuPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.LoginForm.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.MainPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.MenuPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.OIMenuPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.SAMenuPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.TreeViewPanel.resources
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject_2_.UI.UserForm.resources
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\OODProject2.exe
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\OODProject2.pdb
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Resources.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Utils.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Win.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.WinFormDemo.exe
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Resources.xml
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Utils.xml
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\FarsiLibrary.Win.xml
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject2.exe
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\obj\Debug\OODProject2.pdb
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\SONY\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\OODProject2\OODProject2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
